[Music]
your own beautiful house surrounded by a
big green lawn sounds like either a
dream come true or a nightmare in the
form of a mortgage for most well if you
head to Japan and some other countries
to the u.s. included looks like you
could become a happy homeowner
absolutely free of charge
the Japanese government has over 8
million properties throughout the
country that they're willing to either
sell or the best part give away for free
you can see a full list of them in the
whole price range in one of many online
databases called a Kea banks a Kea
translates as vacant house and these
vacant houses are in pretty good
condition in case you had any doubts
prices for them start at 0 yen that's
the Japanese currency and stop at 30
million yen which is around 270 thousand
dollars vacant houses for sale or for
free can be found all across the island
nation and not just in some remote
villages in fact according to The Japan
Times one in 10 houses in or on the
outskirts of the country's huge capital
city Tokyo is empty all you have to do
is pick a house in the database pay a
few taxes and fees and you'll become a
homeowner so why would the Japanese
government want to do that what's in it
for them right the truth is it's all an
attempt to solve the housing crisis this
country has been dealing with for years
now no it's not about a lack of
affordable housing but an overabundance
of abandoned houses aid mill remember
Japan has a quickly aging population a
lot of people are either passing away or
moving into retirement homes leaving
their houses empty young people in the
country don't marry early these days so
they don't give birth to enough kids to
balance the gap well there's that
demographic question as well as another
reason why so many houses remain
abandoned it has to do with the fact
that the Japanese are rather
superstitious and don't want to live in
houses with a sad history so no one is
willing to buy homes where there was
tragedy or someone died according to the
Fujitsu Research Institute the num
of abandoned homes in the country is
still growing and the experts there
think that it'll reach 20 million by
2033 to avoid that the government is
promising subsidies to those who want to
renovate old abandoned houses and the
property becomes truly yours after just
a few years of you renting it so if
you've ever wanted to have a house in
the Land of the Rising Sun here's your
chance okay
maybe for one reason or another you
don't want to live in a free house in
Japan well hold on now there are plenty
of other places to choose from how about
scenic Italy if you don't have too much
cash to spare note that you can buy an
abandoned house in a lowly Sardinia for
as low as a dollar 25 in the last 50
years the population of a low lie has
gone down from 2250 to 1300 families in
Italy used to be much larger in the past
but now the country can't boast a high
birthrate so many old people simply have
no one to pass their property on to plus
most young people there moved to larger
cities with more opportunities and don't
want to take care of hold property and
its renovation some even decide to
donate their house to the city so that
it's not their problem to deal with
anymore as where the city it'll just
sell the property for close to nothing
the first place to do this was the
Sicilian town of salami around 10 years
ago you see this region is prone to
earthquakes so it doesn't attract many
buyers the endeavor went well and other
communities were inspired to do the same
the town of gonji for instance sold 100
houses by 2016 with 1000 applicants to
choose from as for a low lie it's gotten
over 100 applications from people all
across the world the project's official
site Casa one euro that's one euro house
in Italian list properties all across
Italy Toscana cecilia Sardinia Lazio and
Piedmont just to name a few all you have
to do is fill in an application and wait
for it to be reviewed if you're picked
the government will expect you to pay
taxes and renovate the property within
three years of purchase and that can
cost up to $25,000 the long-term goal
here is to bring life and tourists back
to those areas that are currently
dying out Spain in case owning a home
doesn't sound ambitious enough to
consider purchasing a whole village in
Spain because you know why not Gweneth
Paltrow must have thought it was a great
idea since she added one to her
Christmas list and she wasn't kidding
either you can choose from hundreds of
cute little villages in the Northwest
regions of Galicia for a pretty
affordable average asking price of one
hundred thousand dollars and if it needs
renovations the price will be even lower
but if that sounds like too much money
to you then check out the village of
Barca with 12 crumbling stone houses
from the 15th century this entire
village is being offered for free the
new owner is supposed to take care of
its renovation and preservation and turn
it into a hopping tourist destination
it's the same story with Galicia there's
a demographic crisis young people are
heading to the city and so on actually
this Spanish region currently has the
highest number of deserted settlements
in the country with more than half of
the country's 2,900 being located here
at least according to Spain's national
statistics Institute a lot of the
prospective buyers are families that
emigrated from Spain in the 60s and
would like to go back to their roots and
just enjoy the relaxing peaceful country
life so you game
Pitcairn when you get bored with
civilization and one experience some
island paradise head to Pitcairn the
weather's always nice and you only have
about 50 neighbors on the whole island
think you can share so far only one
person has applied for free land and
left the rat-race to move to Pitcairn
the reason might be the fact that it's
3,500 miles away from the nearest
country new zealand or because of a lack
of jobs on the island there's one
general store there that works three
days a week so it sounds like it's
definitely very slow-paced Canada it's
hard to believe a country with such high
living standards and crazy expensive
housing prices would give away land or
property for free sure I'm not talking
about Vancouver Toronto or Calgary but
way smaller towns you can for example
purchase a plot of land and rest in
Manitoba for as low as 10
colors as long as you start construction
on it no later than 90 days after the
deals been sealed the same ghosts were
taking free plots in Pipestone and
Scarth which are also both in Manitoba
aspiring farmers are welcome to get
their lands in Crown lands you come the
condition here is that you have to be a
Canadian citizen and a resident of Yukon
for at least two years in 2017 local
authorities offered a great deal in
Prince Albert Saskatchewan those
interested in developing the area had to
apply online for $1 lots of land
however the winners were supposed to pay
the full property tax for the purchase
the same province offered $1.00 plots to
create an eco-friendly village to those
who would provide their sustainable
living projects free land in Canada
comes and goes so you better stay on the
lookout in case you're interested the
USA from Kansas to Alaska there are
areas where you can get a plot of land
or even a house for free or close to
nothing some of them are being given
away by the government in hopes of
finding people to sponsor renovation and
maintenance of an abandoned home
familiar story right in that case the
new owner normally gets a nice subsidy
and some homeowners are giving away
their houses simply because they can't
afford it anymore to take part in one of
the many free Locke programs you have to
be a legal resident of the United States
cities like Baltimore Maryland New Haven
Connecticut and harmony Minnesota offer
forgivable loans to new residents you
can also get a free lot in Curtis
Nebraska Lincoln Kansas and marnya WA
just to name a few of your options
Michigan offers free industrial lands to
those willing to create new businesses
and chop opportunities as part of the
Muskegon
25 initiative flagler Colorado is giving
free land to anyone who promises to
start a business there and finally in
case you want to live in Buffalo New
York you can get yourself a $1 plot of
land as long as you're ready to spend at
least three years there and pay all the
related property taxes and costs well
looks like the American dream just got a
whole lot more affordable if you could
get a free home anywhere in the world
where would you want it to be let
everybody know in the comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share
with your friends and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
you